DOVER CHARTERS 197

LX Ι V.
2 April 1437.

Know all present and future that we, John Braban, Giles
Hoton, and Walter Benit, 01 Dover, have demised, granted,
and, by this our present charter, confirmed to John Denne,
01 the Parish 01 Kingston, and Stephen Belsise, 01 the Parish
01 Elham, in the County 01 Kent, all those lands and tene-
ments‚ rents and services, with their appurtenances, lying
and being within the Liberty of the Port of Dover, and
without, in the County of Kent, all 01 which we lately had
of the gift and feoffment of Thomas Colin, alias Oxenden‚
deceased, and lsabella, his wife: to have and to hold all
those lands and tenements, rents and services, with appur-
tenances, to the aforesaid John Denne and Stephen, their
heir and assigns‚ for ever: they doing therefor as well the
service 01 the Lord King when it shall befall, according to
the custom of the port aforesaid, as also the services due
therefrom and by right accustomed to the capital lords 01
that fee

ln witness whereof we have set our seals to this our
present charter.

Given on the second day of the month 01 April in the
fifteenth yeer of the reign 01 King Henry, the sixth after
the con uest. ,

Wilhesses: William Brevis, then Mayor 01 the port
aforesaid; Walter Stratton; Thomas Arnold3 William
Hamond3 Thomas Combe ; Thomas Bover; and others.

 

